Hello everyone welcome back to the challenge solution for Section 13.
If you look through the project that you really found what we had to implement was basically three methods
in the movies that CBP file and if you look at your movies file you can basically see what's going on
here.
We have an ad movie method that expects the movie name movie rating and the number of times watched.
And I want to add that movie to this vector right here.
This collection of movies but I have two streams of an integer I don't have a movie object so obviously
we need to create a movie object but we only create that movie object and add it if the movie isn't
in there already.
OK.
And we're deciding that by the name.
So that's one thing we've got to do.
The other thing we need to do is implement this incremental watched and it's very similar the users
passing in the name of the movie that they want to watch number incremented by one.
So what do we do.
We search through that vector again right here and if we find that movie by name then we increment its
count.
Otherwise we return false and we do that here as well.
So if we add the movie that was successful we're returning true.
Otherwise we're returning false.
Same here if we increment watch count we're returning true otherwise we're returning false.
We couldn't do it because the movie wasn't there.
And then the last method will intimate to this display method which just basically loops through that
vector and prints out all the moving objects.
OK.
So why don't we get started let's head over to the movie C.P. file.
That's where we're going to implement these methods.
Now notice we have a default constructor.
We have a destructor.
We don't have a copy constructor we don't really have anything going on like that.
Again if you look at your movies file we don't have any raw pointers here so we're fine with the default
behavior of the copy constructor so we don't have to implement it.
OK.
So again let's go back to movie c.p.
We don't really need to implement a destructor since we're not.
There's nothing to destroy unless you input output statements in here so that you can see them happening
then you would certainly implement them that way.
So let's start with this add movie.
Right now it's just returning false and increment watched officers returning false and this will actually
run right now if you run this project.
That's kind of what you get.
Pretty meaningless but it all works all compiles So that's the next step is trying to get the functionality
right.
So let's start with AD movies so we're right here I'm going to get rid of that return statement and
let's start coding this method right here.
So what do we want to do.
What we want to loop over that collection movies and for every object in there remember every object
will be a movie object we want to get the name for that movie object and compare it to this name right
here.
OK.
And if we find the name in there that means that that movie is already in there.
We don't want to add it again so a return false otherwise we'll add the movie.
OK so let's take this one step at a time.
Let's just use a range based for loop to do this and we'll start here we'll say four.
And we'll modify this a little bit as we go.
Movie movie.
That's each item in the collection.
And we're going to loop over movies.
So there's my range based for loop.
Now we can check for each movie that we're going through we can get the name for the movie
and if the name of the movie that we're iterating through each step is equal to the name that's being
passed in that's that guy right here then what happened.
Well then we found a movie that's in there where there's no sense in adding it again.
We just want to return false and we're out of here right now.
We could certainly have some if else logic and so forth but why bother at this point.
Remember if it's the first one we're out if it's the last one we're at.
But in any case if we find a movie that has the same name as the one we're trying to add we're want
to return Foltz at this point.
I loop through the entire collection I have not found the movie.
So now what I want to do is add the movie.
Well in order to add the movie I need to create a movie object to add or create movie with it just call
it temper anything we like and we'll constructed.
Given the name the rating and the watched.
Now we've got an object we can simply add it to the movie's vector and can push back and we can push
back to help and at this point want to return true right because we were able to add that movie.
That's it.
Now there's a couple of things we can do here to make this a little better.
First of all this loop right here that's looping through that collection or iterating through that collection
it really is stuck in a modified collection.
And I want to be sure that it doesn't modify the collection this will do that right because it's the
all returned by copy but it's not very efficient.
So what I'd rather do is change this too so that this is a reference right here.
But if I just leave it as a reference and this can potentially change.
So I really want to make this a contest.
So I want this to be a reference to a concert movie at each iteration.
So if I try to change it by accident or by mistake or even intentionally if I try to change that movie
in here I'm going to get a compiler error.
OK so that's basically done.
Now let's take a look at the increment watch.
Again I'll get rid of the return value since we'll do it from scratch.
And what we'll do here is again we want to loop through.
So this is a little different though because I want to loop through until I find it right.
And then when I find it I want to update it.
So it's a little different logic than we just had before but it's the same idea.
So let's say for movie and we could use audio here if we wanted.
And I want a reference to each one of those movie objects because if I find the one that matches I need
to change it right.
So it can't be a constant needs to be a reference.
So I'm again looping through and I just forgot that bit movies right here.
There we go.
So now we've got a range base for loop.
We're looping through movies and at each iteration we have a movie and it's a reference so we can change
it.
OK.
So what are we doing here.
Well we checked to see if the name of the movie is the name that I want to change.
So here I'm simply going to say if that movie's name
if that movie object's name is equal to the name that was just passed into me then at this point I've
got the one that I want to update.
Right.
So I can simply call a movie which is the object and increment watched.
That's a method in the movie class.
And I want to return true because it was successful and I'm out now at this point down here.
What happened was I loop through the entire vector and I did not find any movie with that name.
So at this point right here I simply want to return false right because I'm done.
I wasn't able to increment anything because it wasn't there.
So that should take care of that.
And then the last method that we're going to is this display method.
So what do we need to do here.
Well let's first check to see if there are any movies at all.
Right.
And noticed this is a contact method so that's really important right.
We can't modify that movie's object in here.
So I'm going to say if my movies dot size that's the vector size how many items are in there.
If that is equal to zero then I really have nothing to display.
So I just say something like let's output something like let's say sorry I think that's what I had before.
Sorry no movies to display.
Put a new line in there and put an end line in there as well.
OK so we've just taking care of the case where there are no movies.
Now the other cases there are movies.
So in this case what I need to do is basically loop through that movie's vector again and every time
I see a movie object tell it to display itself it knows how to display itself.
So let me just put in one of these lines just to sort of have to keep typing so much.
So we've got a header line here and we'll put another one here.
We will put everything else in between that we've got a nice sort of separation.
So what do we want to do in here.
Well I want to say for my movie and I could say Otto here as well it's going to figure out what it is
for auto movie.
That's my variable name in my movies collection.
So every time I see one of these guys what do I want to do.
Well I'm going to tell the movie to display itself.
It's really that simple so we're done with this.
We've got our logic set up.
Now let's compile and see if we've got any compiler errors.
We've got a compiler error right here because I forgot my standard namespace and it's Try that one more
time.
That's it.
We're done.
Everything's working as expected.
Sorry no movies to display we add those three items.
We display the three movies Cedrela already exists.
We are an ice age now we display the for we don't display Cinderella twice and we increment big and
I say edge so we got 3 and 13 it was 2 and 12 and then finally we can't increment that x x x will be
because there is no such thing.
OK so that really is about it.
You could add an interface to this you can add some more attributes to this to extend it and practice
some more.
What I would suggest you do is go to your movies.
H file right here and make this one change.
Make that movies not a movie object but a pointer.
So now this movie contains a pointer to a vector.
And now you've really got to think about what you're doing because now we need copy constructors that
are doing deep copies and we need move constructors and we need to be a little bit more careful more
efficient.
So I'll leave this as an exercise to you but I encourage you to do this.
All right.
Hope you had fun doing this project.
Hey everybody I'm back.
I just realized that when I wrote this line of code here on line 76 I was trying to show you that you
can use auto here but I was a little quick on the gun.
We have to be a little bit more careful than just this because this is going to create an object by
copy and it's going to be inefficient.
So what we really want to do is we want to replace it with conc because still use audio but we want
to make sure it's a reference to a constant object.
And in this case the auto makes it a movie.
Right.
So we've got this is equivalent to typing this.
And if we do this with auto save and we'll build and run and we've got the same output as before but
a little bit more efficient.